add /soundboard-sounds/{sound.id}/guild/{guild.id} endpoint (#304)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/soundboard.mdx

Deletes the given soundboard sound. Requires the `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Guild Soundboard Sound Delete](/topics/gateway-events#guild-soundboard-sound-delete) Gateway event.

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/soundboard-sounds/{sound.id}/guild/{guild.id}">
  Get Soundboard Sound Guild
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a [discoverable guild](/resources/discovery#discoverable-guild-object) object for the guild that owns the given sound. This endpoint requires the guild to be discoverable, not be [auto-removed](/resources/discovery#discoverable-guild-object), and have [emoji/sticker/sound discoverability](/resources/discovery#discovery-metadata-object) enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [discoverable guild](/resources/discovery#discoverable-guild-object) object for the guild that owns the given sound. This endpoint requires the guild to be discoverable, not be [auto-removed](/resources/discovery#discoverable-guild-object), and have [guild expression discoverability](/resources/discovery#discovery-metadata-object) enabled.
```

Reviewer: Please update this in emoji/sticker docs too
